feat(standards): add Events Format NEP (#298)
near/NEPs: specs/Standards/EventsFormat.md

// * `version`: e.g. 1.0.0
// * `event`: type of the event, e.g. nft_mint
// * `data`: associate event data. Strictly typed for each set {standard, version, event} inside corresponding NEP
interface EventLogData {
    standard: string,
    version: string,
    event: string,
    data?: unknown,
}
```

#### Valid event logs:

```js
EVENT_JSON:{
  "standard": "nepXXX",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "event": "xyz_is_triggered"
}
```

```js
EVENT_JSON:{
  "standard": "nepXXX",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "event": "xyz_is_triggered",
    "data": {
    "triggered_by": "foundation.near"
  }
}
```

#### Invalid event logs:

* Two events in a single log entry (instead, call `log` for each individual event)
```js
EVENT_JSON:{
  "standard": "nepXXX",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "event": "abc_is_triggered"
}
EVENT_JSON:{
  "standard": "nepXXX",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "event": "xyz_is_triggered"
}
```
* Invalid JSON data
```js
EVENT_JSON:invalid json
```
* Missing required fields `standard`, `version` or `event`
```js
EVENT_JSON:{
  "standard": "nepXXX",
    "event": "xyz_is_triggered",
    "data": {
    "triggered_by": "foundation.near"
  }
}
```

> 

Author: I feel we also need to expand our examples. Tried to do that by myself, gave up, created the issue 😅 
https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs/issues/685
If we do that in one day, I surely want to include the link to this example here

Events address this issue, providing other applications with the needed standardized data.

Initial discussion is [here](https://github.com/near/NEPs/issues/254).

## Events

Many apps use different interfaces that represent the same action.
This interface standardizes that process by introducing event logs.

Events use the standard logs capability of NEAR.
Events are log entries that start with the `EVENT_JSON:` prefix followed by a single valid JSON string.  
JSON string may have any number of space characters in the beginning, the middle, or the end of the string.
It's guaranteed that space characters do not break its parsing.
All the examples below are pretty-formatted for better readability.

JSON string should have the following interface:

```ts
// Interface to capture data about an event
// Arguments
// * `standard`: name of standard, e.g. nep171
// * `version`: e.g. 1.0.0
// * `event`: type of the event, e.g. nft_mint
// * `data`: associate event data. Strictly typed for each set {standard, version, event} inside corresponding NEP
interface EventLogData {
    standard: string,
    version: string,
    event: string,
    data?: unknown,
}
```

> To emit the event, you need to use `near_sdk::log` command. Example:

Reviewer: I would add a bit of color here:

```suggestion
Thus, to emit an event, you only need to log a string following the rules above. Here is a barebones example using Rust SDK `near_sdk::log!` macro (security note: prefer using `serde_json` or alternatives to serialize the JSON string to avoid potential injections and corrupted events):
```
